Huh. Kitasan?
Kitasan! Whatcha doing?
Nature-sensei!
This again?!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 4
My Own Shine
You can't win?
Yeah...
It's just.. the Osaka Hai was yesterday.
I'm moving into the senior class,
so wanted to win my first race there.
Get some real momentum going.
But then...
I lost by a neck's length.
Only a neck's? That was pretty close.
You're right, it was close!
And at the Arima Kinen, I lost
by three-quarters of a length...
But I just can't find that missing step.
Now that I think about it,
I don't have razor-sharp
acceleration like Dia-chan,
or explosively powerful
legs like Duramente...
And the more I think about it,
the more anxious I've been getting!
W-Well, let's start with calming down.
I think maybe... I know!
Sweets help at a time like this.
I'll even treat you.
Thank you so much...
Don't worry about it at all.
Order whatever you want today!
Nature-sensei!
Hold it right there!
You're not getting away this time!
She's totes ticked off!
A
I
R
M
E
J
I
R
O
D
A
I
T
A
K
U
Whoa, whoa, whoa, outta the way, come on!
You two scared me!
Sorry, are you all right?
You're not hurt, are you?
I'm okay!
I see... that's a relief.
Come on, you two.
Are you sure you're okay? Does it hurt anywhere?
I've always been pretty durable!
Never get sick or injured.
Whether it's in the ocean or
in the mountains or on a hill,
Crabs!
no matter where I would play,
I never got tired.
I caught it!
When I was in grade school,
Don't be scared...
I fell from the third floor of the
building and only got a little scrape.
Kita-chan?
Kita-chan!
Kita-chan?!
Anyway, my point is that I'm pretty
confident in how tough I am.
Is something up?
Maybe you could put that toughness
to use in your training.
I mean, think of it...
Maybe you can handle the kind of hard
training that other girls can't!
Maybe working on that
would help you win more?
I-I'm gonna ask my trainer about it!
Nope.
Doesn't matter how tough you are.
The risk of injury is still too high.
But... But, but...
I want to get stronger!
So please, let me trainer harder!
The answer's still no.
Trainer-san!
I mean, if you get injured and can't run
in a race, what'd even be the point?
Still, I get how you feel about
seeing a chance at getting stronger
and not wanting to give up on it, too.
Teio.
Still, though...
I feel the same way.
I think it's wonderful
that you're strict with us
out of concern for our well-being, Trainer...
But we run in these races
so that we can win them.
Suzuka-san... Teio-san...
Please, Trainer-san!
Trainer...
Trainer-san.
All right, I'll think it over.
Thank you so much!
Nice!
Good luck!
Yeah! Thank you both!
I guess I know who to ask...
I'm gonna work hard!
I'll be praying for you.
The edge of your acceleration
is sharper than usual today.
When I think about the Satsukishou coming up,
I can't help but feel motivated.
I see... It was the same way for me.
Although I ended up just adding
fuel to the jinx that horse girls
from the Satono family can't win G1 races.
Crown-chan...
I'm counting on you to make our
family's wish, a first G1 victory, reality!
Huh. Are you going out, Kita-chan?
Yeah, I'm going to a training camp tomorrow!
For how long?
Snacks
Up to 300 yen
* Bananas don't count
Wake up at 5 AM
Well, there's a month until the Spring
Tennoushou, so... for about a month.
S-Sorry, Dia-chan!
I might not be able to make it to the
Satsukishou to root for you tomorrow!
W-What am I gonna do?!
Maybe I can make it back just for that?
Then again, I'm gonna be
up in the mountains...
It's okay. I'll win.
I'll make sure to win.
Dia-chan...
So do your best, Kita-chan!
Yeah... Okay!
But since I won't be around
for a while... I'll miss you.
Oh, come on.
But in that case...
Here!
A broach?
Think of this as me.
Okay?
Thanks, Dia-chan!
It's okay. Let's both do our best!
Yeah. You take this horseshoe too, Dia-chan!
That's pretty heavy.
Not another bite...
I can't eat anymore...
No more food for me...
Good morning.
You two are up early.
Trainer-san! Uh, what is this?
What exactly is going on?
This is your training camp, remember?
Wait. Then Bourbon-san is...
She's here as your special coach.
M
I
H
O
To be honest, hardcore training
isn't really my area of expertise.
Training Rocks
And it wouldn't help to throw something
together on the spot, so...
You can cry and complain if you like,
but I've been entrusted with this
and will not be holding back.
It's a pleasure to be working with you.
Th-The pleasure's all mine!
Rice-san is also here to prepare your meals.
I'm Rice.
I'll work hard to make sure the food's yummy!
R
I
C
E
Things are gonna be tough going
forward, but hang in there, Kitasan!
R-Right!
I will!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Mountain Road Dashes         4 Sets
Giant Tire Pulling Dashes                     10 Sets
Interval Running 1,000m                         10 Sets
Breaking Roof Tiles      100 Pieces
Rock Climbing                 10 Sets
Four sets of mountain road dashes,
10 sets of dashing while pulling giant tires,
10 sets of 1,000-meter interval runs,
Training Plan
100 roof tiles to break,
and 10 sets of rock climbing?
Your goal for this camp
is to be able to complete this
training plan within three hours.
Three hours, huh?
Is that really possible?
It'll take double that, initially.
But theoretically, it's possible.
Which is why you will do it.
Now, take your position.
A-Already?!
Start!
You're losing pace.
R-Right!
I thought this would be just like training
on hills, but the ground is so uneven!
The slopes being at different angles
makes it even harder to run!
The stress on my legs is
in a different league!
Unless I lower my center of gravity and
really exert myself, I'm not getting anywhere.
Use your entire body.
R-Right!
Your form's getting sloppy.
Right!
Osu!
You're losing focus.
O-Osu!
Osu!
Next, I need to reach for...
Over there?
But this one would be... hang on, maybe...
Find your route while maintaining focus.
You need to decide quickly.
R-Right!
Wh-What's my time?
Six hours.
Just as expected.
We've got an entire month left.
You need to get under
three hours in that time.
Right!
For now, let's have something to eat.
Dinner's ready!
Please, eat up!
Thank you!
There's lots left if you want more.
Thank you so much!
So good!
Once you're done eating, head to the
hot springs and recuperate some.
There's a hot springs?! Awesome!
I feel alive again.
Ow, ow, ow...
I've never been this exhausted before.
But I bet once I get past it, I'll be stronger.
Okay, I'm gonna work hard again tomorrow!
Mackerel in Miso
Kabayaki-Style Saury
You're able to reliably
make your target time now!
Thank you.
You've maintained your best weight too,
and you're in perfect condition!
Your preparations went splendidly!
Right. All that's left is to win.
And I will win.
My body feels heavy for some reason.
You're losing focus. Steady your breath.
Osu!
O... Osu...
Next is... over here... uh...
Okay, goodnight.
Y-Yeah... get plenty of rest, okay?
Is she seriously gonna be okay?
What do you mean?
Her time hasn't improved at
all over the last few days...
Gonna work hard!!
Tennoushou!
And it looks to me like the exhaustion
is taking a toll on her motivation.
We're just getting started.
Being able to overcome this is the
actual point of this training.
It was originally conceived of by Master,
for when I had returned to racing.
This was all Kuronuma-san's idea?
A hotly contested competition
is decided by mental strength.
The ability to pursue victory regardless
of the most extreme circumstances.
Whether or not she's capable of achieving
this still remains to be seen.
I was unable to answer to my master's wishes.
She reminds me of myself, which is
why I hope she will be able to.
I think I might be done.
Wait, no, no! I can't start giving in!
I bet Dia-chan would have gotten
the hang of it in no time.
Dia-chan... huh?
Wait, isn't tomorrow...
There we go.
Kita-san, Kita-san, I baked some...
Bread?
Bourbon-san! Bourbon-san!
What is it?
I f-found this in Kita-san's tent!
I'm going to get energized.
Come see us again
Iwaki-shi
180km to Nakayama Racecourse
Satsukishou
Exiting the final corner...
Satono Diamond is moving up!
And so is To-Car!
Dia-chan!
This is a 310-meter straight:
a direct path to achieving a dream!
Faucheuse is in the lead!
On the outside are Satono
Diamond and Jewel Spinel!
Jewel Spinel!
Satono Diamond is moving up on the outside!
Satono Diamond is closing in!
Dia-chan!
Faucheuse is still in the lead!
Then Jewel Spinel!
What about To-Car?!
Dia-chan?!
Whoa, and on the outside, it's Divinity!
Divinity is making a lot of sudden headway!
To-Car is behind her,
fighting desperately!
Divinity!
We're seeing incredible acceleration
create an even bigger gap!
Divinity crosses the goal!
Satsukishou
She managed to pass everyone in an instant!
Divinity didn't want to
give up the spotlight!
Her winning time is 1:57.09,
a new race record!
Nakayama
Deliberation
Final
She was doing so well, too.
Maybe the Satono jinx is real.
Dia-chan...
I'll make sure to win.
Is she gonna be okay?
Do you have any thoughts
on how the race was called?
The call was the right one.
If I had sufficient ability,
it would've been different.
My ability...
My desire to win wasn't enough.
There are people in the audience
talking about the Satono jinx.
Be sure to watch the Japanese Derby.
My name is Satono Diamond.
Diamonds are gems that shine
brighter than any other,
and no matter what they encounter,
they never break.
I baked some bread.
You seem re-energized.
I am!
Let's resume, then.
This is it! This is where it really starts!
Doesn't matter how tired I feel
or how slow the going is!
I'm not giving up!
No matter how hard it gets,
I'm only facing forward.
No matter what the trouble is,
I'll smash past it!
Next time, I swear...
Ten seconds left!
I will make it!
I'm gonna win!
You made it over the wall.
We're going after the Spring Tennoushou!
Yes!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today